[BUG] Example response in "Find Cases by Alert" topic is outdated (#1695)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cases/api/cases-api/cases-api-find-cases-by-alert.asciidoc

[[cases-api-find-cases-by-alert]]
=== Find cases by alert

> Uses an alert ID (`alert_id`) to retrieve case IDs of the cases the alert is attached to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses an alert ID (`alert_id`) to retrieve the case IDs of any cases the alert is attached to.
```

> TIP: The case ID is identical to the case's saved object ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: The case's case ID is identical to its saved object ID.
```

Author: @benironside what are your thoughts on shortening it to just "case ID" instead of using "case's case ID"?

Reviewer 2: My $0.02: I lean toward "The case ID" -- shorter, less repetitive.

Reviewer 3: +1 for shortening to `case ID`.

NOTE: Console supports only Elasticsearch APIs. Console doesn't allow interactions with {kib} APIs. You must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to {kibana-ref}/console-kibana.html[Run {es} API requests].

==== Request URL

`GET <kibana host>:<port>/api/cases/alerts/<alert_id>`

===== URL parts

> The URL must include the ID of the alert that is attached to the case.

Reviewer 2: We might want to keep the specific field name (`alert ID`) here. It seems quicker to understand at a glance.

Author: @joepeeples as in - The URL must include the `alert ID` attached to the case.

Reviewer 2: Almost -- but the alert is attached to the case, not the alert ID. Maybe more like the original -- it's a little wordier but accurate:
```suggestion
The URL must include the `alert ID` of the alert attached to the case
```

> The URL must include the `alert ID` of the alert that is attached to the case.

Reviewer 4: I think it should be something along the lines "of the alert that is attached to some/a case". The word "the case" makes me think that the alert should be attached to a specific case and not any case.

Author: Ah, good point. We definitely don't want to imply that the alert can only be attached to a single case. One alternative is to remove any mention of cases, for example, "The URL must include the `alert ID` of the attached alert." Another option is to rewrite the sentence to something like "The URL must include the alert ID (alert id), which is used to any cases the alert is attached to."

Reviewer 4: Whatever works best for you 🙂 ! Both of them, lgtm.

==== Response payload

> A JSON array containing case IDs associated with the specified alert. Case titles are also retrieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A JSON array containing any case IDs associated with the specified alert, and case titles.
```

Reviewer 2: Amendment to avoid a comma splice:
```suggestion
A JSON array containing any case IDs and case titles associated with the specified alert.
```

Reviewer 3: `"and case titles"` sounds a tad odd. Let's leave the original for now but +1 for the first suggestion.

Author: Hm, I'm not entirely sure whether the alert ID is associated with the case title. @cnasikas what are your thoughts on the recommended revision? Is it an accurate statement?

Reviewer 4: I think if we mention the cases IDs then we should mention the cases titles. The alert ID is not associated with the title. The case ID is associated with the title. The response contains all cases that the alert is attached. From the cases properties we choose to return the id and the title.

Author: Thanks, @cnasikas ! I'll leave the edit as it is then.
